okay today we have a patriot SG 155 or
solar guard 155 and when you get it what
you're gonna do is you get it in the
mail we double pack these in a another
box but you're gonna get it you'll see
that we include a business card for our
address and everything if you have any
problems just give us a call we double
packet in bubble wrap and we include a
thank you note because we do appreciate
our customers we give everybody a free
electric Winchester and this is a really
nice tool to have
you're gonna get a patriot
electric-fence catalog with other
products that we do carry and this is
really nice if you need some insulators
or poly wire if you want another product
from us everything's in there
everything's included so the 55 comes
packed in the box and what you're gonna
get is is it's gonna be in a nice nice
container here a shelf a clamshell
container just open it up and pull it up
and you receive you're gonna get some
instructions in it and here's some nails
and some other hardware and the owners
manual fortunately very important and
make sure you read that and make sure
they understand what your your Electric
Spencer is capable of doing definitely
going to get two leads that actually go
from the energizer to the fence this
would be your ground and this goes to
your hot wire and your fence take it out
and it's gonna have a cover on it that's
going to protect the solar panel and so
you can see it's very small but very
powerful this is rated for 10 miles of
wire or about 40 acres of fence it
doesn't come with an internal battery
and what you have to do is you have to
actually hook that up first hook up your
internal battery and just just connects
here and connects it to it and then
leave it into the Sun for about two to
three days and let that charge up you
could take this and set this right on
the ground or it has a setting where you
can mount it on a post or even stick it
right on top of a tee post and then you
hook it up to you
your ground and your hotwire this is the
solar guard 155 solar power 2 energizer
and it's available at our website www.hs
comm you're gonna order it will ship it
out get see in a couple days two year
warranty if you have any problems send
it back to us and we'll be happy to help
yeah but make sure you order it and
you'll be very happy it's a good product